1. Mistakes due to unreliable CI tests.

It is indeed true that a lot of the issues in constraint-based causal discovery
arise due to difficulties in CI testing. But multiple previous methods have
shown that expert knowledge can be used to improve the results of these
automated causal discovery methods [1][2]. 

However as researchers in practice do not use any causal
discovery algorithms and prefer to construct the DAGs based only on their
expert knowledge, we here present a method that can assist them in this
process. The solution that approach offers is a middle ground between these
completely automated algorithms and a completely manual approach where the
manual construction approach is augmented using the available data. The
automated algorithms make decision about keeping the edge or removing them
automatically based on the CI test, here we put an expert to make this decision
and they can override the results of CI tests using their domain expertise.
Other methods for causal discovery that use expert knowledge kind of aim for
this same thing where the expert can for example specify required edges or
forbidden edges in the final model. Our approach instead provides a more
fine-grained control to the researchers while also letting them know the
consequences of their decision (for example through unexplained correlations).
For example some observed correlation is an artifact of the way data was
collected but should not be present in the true causal model.

We will modify our introduction such that this message is clearer.

[1] TODO: Forbidden and fixed edges from Meek
[2] TODO: Temporal ordering Christine & Vanessa

2. Lack of theoretical analysis on the behavior of the method when the domain
expert is incorrect.

We do not think there is any straightforward way to perform the theoretical
analysis for a given accuracy level of the ancestral oracle or the d-separation
oracle. This is however an issue with most of such algorithms such algorithms
rely on such assumptions for example PC algorithm assumes that we have a
conditional independence test oracle and score based methods assumes a
consistent scoring method. With proving the correctness of our approach we show
that in the ideal scenario the algorithm will recover the true graph, whereas
the empirical analysis then considers the scenario when the assumptions of
access to an oracle is not correct.

3. Using residual association to prioritize modifications to the DAG.

Indeed the residual association for a CI test $ X \ci Y | \bm{Z} $ measures the
conditional association between the variables $ X $ and $ Y $ conditioned on $
\bm{Z} $. In our case, given a DAG, $G$, if there is no edge between $ X $ and
$ Y $ and $ Z = pa_G(X) \cup pa_G(Y) $, then the residual association can be
interpreted as the observed association between the variables $ X $ and $ Y $
in our data that is \textbf{not explained} by our current DAG. The strength of
this conditional association then gives us a measure of how bad the unexplained
association is, and hence we use it as a measure to rank modifications.

4. Issues in text.
Thank you for pointing these out, we will fix them.
