We thank the reviewer for their thoughtful comments and suggestions. Below, we
address each of the concerns raised.

1. We agree that choosing hyperparameters that lead to the same number of edges
would make it easier to interpret the results. However, we think that making
that change in the current paper would introduce too many changes. But we will
keep this in mind in our future work.

2. We would like to clarify that Algorithm 1 is slightly different from how we
expect the user to use the method interactively in practice. For the purpose of
the analysis, Algorithm 1 considers a fully automated scenario where all the
edges corresponding to unexplained associations need to be added (and hence we
have to add a reverse edge to avoid the cycle). In practice, if a user reaches
a scenario where adding an edge creates a cycle in the DAG, it implies that
they have made some mistakes earlier and ideally they would backtrack their
changes to identify and fix the mistakes. We do not have any systematic
approach for this backtracking yet as we mention in the Conclusion section of
the paper and hence we add a reverse edge in the automated version.

As Reviewer yVjw also pointed, the difference in the automated versions as
presented in the Algorithms and how we expect the user to use the method
interactively is not clear in the paper. We will make revisions to the
Introduction and Section 3 and 4 to make difference clearer.

3. As we can see in Figure 5, if we continue to follow the suggestions from the
method, it leads to continuous improvements in the fit of the model, so a user
can choose to stop at any point. We can additionally use the total residual
association as an absolute measure to quantify how well the current model
explains the data.

4. Thanks for pointing this out, we agree and we will mention it in the paper.

5. We agree that the CI tests considered here assume Gaussian variables and
underlying latent Gaussian variables for ordinal variables. We will add these
assumptions in the section. We have not considered a mix of continuous and
nominal categorical variables as we are not aware of any CI test with a measure
of association for this combination.

6. We will clarify the setting in which the Age variable is considered here (i.e.,
the adult income dataset) where we do not expect any edges going into it.

7. The approach only requires the user to correctly specify ancestral
relationships but is still able to distinguish between direct and indirect
effects. If we consider a simple mediation model, X -> M -> Y and lets
say we start with an empty DAG and the user first adds the edge X -> Y. The
DAG would still have unexplained association between X and M, and Y and M.
Based on this the user can then add the edges X -> M and M -> Y, after which
the pruning step would remove the original incorrect X -> Y edge.

The green and black edges in Figure 7 shows the current edges in the DAG. The
red edges show the pair of variables that still have unexplained association
with the strength shown using the edge's thickness. In each step, the user can
choose a pair of variables connected through a red edge (ideally the one with
the highest unexplained association) and add an edge between based on their
domain knowledge. At each iteration, the tool also presents unnecessary edges
in the DAG in black that the user can remove.

We will improve the caption of Figure 7 to make it clearer what the different
edges represent.

8. As our method is supposed to be used to assist in manual DAG construction by
showing potential modifications to the DAG, the user is free to overrule/ignore
any suggestion made by the method. Even in such scenarios when the expert
disagrees with a suggestion, the method would still be helpful as it would
highlight that the data does not agree with the expert knowledge.

9. That is indeed true and we will mention it. We do think it should be
possible to construct $ \tau $ that considers all implied CIs of the DAG which
should make it score-equivalent.

10. Our goal with the empirical analysis was to show that the manual
construction method is able to construct DAGs that are comparable to the
automated algorithms, hence we choose some of the most common algorithms as
baseline. However, we agree that it would be interesting to make further
systematic comparisons with more specialized methods and we will consider it in
our future work.

11. Thank you for pointing that out. We will mention it in the paper.

12. Thank you for pointing this out. We will revise the statement to: ".. expert is able to correctly identify the relationship in more than .."

13a. In Algorithm 1, $ (V, E) $ represents the current graph and $ D_G $ makes
d-separation queries on the true unknown graph.

13b. We will add another step here to check whether $ e $ is None, and lines
7-11 should be executed only when $ e $ is not None.

13c. That is indeed a mistake and it should be "go to line 17".

13d. Yes, we agree that it would be clearer to include it in the if statement
of line 5 as L only gets updated inside that if statement. We will modify the
algorithm.

14-21. Typos and language issues: Thank you for pointing these out, we will fix them.
