1. Clarity in describing the algorithm.

We are presenting a single approach throughout the paper. Since most
researchers manually construct DAGs using their domain knowledge, the goal of
our proposed method is to assist them in this process by offering an
interactive, data-driven tool. The proposed method uses the data to identify
and rank potential modifications to the current DAG, either by adding an edge
(the method only identifies the pair of variables and not the orientation of
the edge) or removing an existing edge to improve consistency with the data.

These suggestions are then presented to the researcher, who can choose which
(if any) modification to apply. If the researcher chooses to add an edge, they
would need to specify the orientation of the edge. The researcher remains in
control and can stop the process whenever they are satisfied with the model.
This setup allows expert knowledge to guide decisions at each step, while the
data helps highlight where revisions might be needed.

In Section 4, for the purpose of evaluation, we simulate an expert by assuming
they always select the highest-ranked modification in each iteration. 

We will make revisions in Section 3 and 4 to make these clearer.

2. Overlooked Kitson (2025).

Thank you for pointing us to the work by Kitson et al. We indeed missed this paper.

While both our method and Kitson (2025) propose interactive approaches to
causal discovery, the goal and the method differs. Kitson (2025) proposes an
approach by modifying a score-based method where the algorithm selectively
prompts the user for input when certain conditions are met -- such as a tie in
score improvement or low confidence in a certain modification. In contrast, our
approach is designed to assist users in manual model construction by presenting
a ranked list of potential modifications in each iteration. The user is then
free to choose the modification or stop when satisfied with the model. In this
way, compared to Kitson (2005) our method puts more emphasis on expert-driven
construction, guided by data-driven suggestions.

We will revise our conclusion section to acknowledge Kitson (2025) and include the 
differences between the two approaches.

